# '<%- service.name %>'
#### <%- service.description %>
#### Generated by: <%- author.fullName %>
#### Keywords: rest,microservice

## This package uses:

* Hapi
* Lab for testing
* Swagger for automatic endpoint documentation
* Good, good-squeeze and good-console for logging
* Nodemon for reloading the server when code changes
* Eslint with hapi configuration for code linting

## Get things running

* Start the server `npm start`
* Documentation available at `/documentation`
* Start the server on dev mode `npm run start-dev` 
* Run tests `npm test`
* With the server running, open `http://localhost:<%- service.port %>/documentation` to see the documentation of your API

## Server endpoints
* GET **`/ops/healthcheck`**: just returns a message saying 'ok'.
* GET **`/ops/version`**: returns the package.json version.
<% if(useAuthentication){ -%>
* POST **`/users/login`**: Login a user and generates a new authentication token which expires in 1 day.
* POST **`/users/register`**: Register - Creates a new user.
* GET **`/users/me`**: Get the current user information details - [ *Authentication required* ]'

## Authentication flow with JWT
These are the steps to get a the user information with the `/users/me`, which is the only endpoint that requires authentication:

1. To choose your username and password for the signing-up. To do so, use the `/users/register` endpoint and add your username and password in the body of the request.
2. Use the endpoint `/users/login` with your credentials to register. If the loggin is successful you will be able to continue the next steps.
3. To take the **authorization** header received in the server's login response.
4. Use this authorization header in a GET request to `/users/me`. Finally you will get a response like this:

```
{
  "user": {
    "username": "your-username"
  },
  "iat": timestamp
}
```

 <% } -%>


Generated by the [Hapi Swagger ES6 Generator](https://github.com/danielo515/generator-hapi-swagger-es6)
